When your beliefs are aligned with your heart, anything and everything is possible.

The fruits of the spirit do not come from your mind, your belief system, but from your heart. When you’re fulfilling your purpose you are effortlessly manifesting fruits of the spirit. 

MIXED:

The fruits of the spirit come from your heart. When your beliefs are aligned with your heart, anything and everything is possible, and you're manifesting fruits of your spirit. 


Climbing:
Once the physical is down it becomes a matter of mindfulness, breathing, facing immediate fears head on, and making one more move. Doesn't matter if it's toprope, leading, bouldering, ice, sport climbing. There's no better metric than seeing how you control your body-mind in the vertical outdoor elements.


I travelled yesterday, physically and metaphysically. I cycled through several lifetimes while on the road. I found myself impatient to arrive. The faster I drove, the slower the cycling through lifetimes.

I toyed with this experience: it sped up when I drove at the speed limit, and slowed way down when I did 100mph. It cycled really fast when I was physically my slowest: harvesting Hemp. Having gotten all I wanted from that experience I allowed my self to switch plans and head home through the eastern plains of Colorado. Miles in the middle of nowhere, I ran out of gas. There are a lot of small towns out there, but they're ghost towns. I know my car pretty well, so I was confident that I would make it to the next town. 10 miles out, I was out of gas.

My calls all failed. No reception. A couple from Texas stopped and made the call for me. SHortly after I got 2 calls from Hagerstown, MD. I texted 911, and they replied "sorry, we don't do txt messages. Do a voice call." Really? How did it manage to send that text!?

I was calm this entire time. I never felt that I was in danger as truckers whizzed by. I knew I was 10 miles out, so rather than wait for help I put on my running shoes in order to run. I got maybe 400 feet when a scraggling character in a white pickup pulled over. 

He had a most beautiful voice and demeanor. Said he was was going to Denver to shop and then pickup his daughter. He refused my cash offer, looked me in the eye and said, "I help people. That's what I do. It's its own reward." and burst out laughing.

We drove to town, got a container, got gas, and drove back out. The whole time he talked about what was safe, said the highway patrol never comes out on that road, only he does. Be sure to do exactly the speed limit, never be anxious for anything while driving, or sitting around in the backyard.

As we approached my car, he went past it over the hill so he could see where it was safe to do the U-turn. It was textbook safety maneuvering. 

At the car, he undid the fancy spigot, grabbed a funnel from his truck, helped me pour the gas in, started up and said our goodbyes. Instead of going to Denver, he dispensed with his safety, pulled a U-turn and drove off. I looked but couldn't see any license plates. I squinted, rubbed my eyes, but nothing there. All I could see was a a white piece of metal.

I have never been so happy to see the mountains as I was last night. I didn't care about other cars, infrastructure at all. All I could see was this.
-------------------
Part 2: I woke at 3:15 this morning, unpacked a few things from my car, and went back to sleep. Within a minute I sensed that I wasn't sleeping at all and was in a dream of dreams.

Dream: I had a pet that was dying. A mold was dissolving the horn of this very weird aniaml. It had the body of an armadillo, the soft underbelly of a pig, the head of a turtle, a mouth of a tardigrade - what the fuck, right? - and a crested horn curving back from its forehead.

As I thought about putting it out of its misery, a burst of energy consumed it. It ran away and collapsed. An instant later a kitten appeared out the screen door. It was a dark red, burnt copper color and extremely cute. I told Angela, "Come quick! A kitten!". As soon as she and Owen came to door, a family I haven't seen in 10 years showed up.


( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Giant Bubble