The modern Conservative ideology equates morality with spirituality, and God's blessing with materialism.

In their view, sin is a moral condition that everyone is born with, a flaw that can be remediated by accepting Jesus Christ as one's Savior. The redeemed are blessed by God. All is right in their world now, everything should go better now that one is saved. Yes, there will be challenges but if one keeps the faith, it will all work out in the end. Do not fret for your reward is in heaven.

Except none of that is true. None of it is factual - which is what `faith` is. None of it is rational, nor logical, which is dismissed by `true believers` as being part of the mystery of God.

Those who do not accept Jesus are evil. High priority is given to evangelism steeped in fear: accept Jesus or be damned for an eternity. Receive eternal life or you will be going to hell upon your death.

None of that can be found in the Bible either. Some of it can be inferred, but even then it misses completely the spirit. In fact, the modern Conservative movement misses the spirit of the Bible completely.

Like the Pharisees and Sadducees before them, Conservative elevate the letter of the law above all else. `Love thy neighbor` is actually `be polite to fellow church-goers`.

In short, Conservatives practice and promote strict adherence to Legalism. This ideology confuses and conflates sin to morality.

A careful reading of the Genesis 3:3 shows that sin isn't a moral issue, but rather a false belief issue.

The Fall of Man is the mother of all metaphors, and the genesis of all lies. It's a template that creates a 3 dimensional chasm that only Love can navigate. Legalism cannot navigate it without cannablizing itself at any point.

The template is simple enough: you are not like God, believe and do this act and all will be right.

With Eve, it was eat the apple to be like God. Her act induced Adam to eat as well. If it's good enough for Eve, it must be good enough for Adam.

With modern Conservative Christianity it is: you were born to sin - believe in Jesus and act a certain way in order to receive a clean slate. You're still not like God, but it's better than the alternative.

In both cases, it is false belief in separation that blinds people to their heart. Their belief is directed away from their heart and doubt spreads like a virus. Instead of the spirit of the law, they are consumed by the letter of the law. Daily thought practices turn into dysfunctional rituals that build walls around their heart, causing the false belief to reinforce.

Resigned, weary, depressed, and hopeless, those who buy into Jesus the Lawyer grimly trudge along, silently reinforcing every accusation hurled at them by Doubt. They cling to the hope that Jesus will reward them in Heaven for being `faithful`, never to realize that Jesus came to save them from the oppressive existence of false belief, and to excoriate those who promote and practice this soul-crushing `life` as virtuous.

"Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You shut the door of the kingdom of heaven in people's faces. You yourselves do not enter, nor will you let those enter who are trying to." Matt 23:13

Woe to you Pharisees and Sadducees indeed! Jesus knew full well what the cost of his words would be: he would die at their hands. Not directly, but the system would certainly do the job. Even Pilate could see there was nothing alarming about Jesus, nothing that would warrant his execution, but the Jews were adamant: kill him!

The letter of the law enriched the Pharisees and Sadducees. They made sure of it, and to keep people blind to the spirit of the law which was Love. Jesus's remark "The sum of all laws and commands is to Love your neighbor as your self" was correctly seen as a huge threat to their way of life.

Modern conservatives also see Love as a threat to their way of life. Salvation is their letter of the law means to blind followers to the truth. Merit is the rule. Unmerited favor, aka `grace` is the exception that one can never count on. Emotions are to be blunted and replaced with a stoic `faith` that is actually nothing more than diluted wishful thinking that results in more of the same.

More of the same is what sow and reap is all about.

A popular conservative meme that's been in circulation for decades is how God uses people in spite of their flaws. That's great and everything, but from my perspective it entirely misses the mark. That mark is you can't trust your mind, laws, legalism, church, others, nor an invisible man out there.

All you need to do is trust in your heart. Who are you? Who in your heart do you know your Self to be?

I know my Self to be a writer and musician.
---------------------------
Love Is. Love is the "I AM". Love exists in this moment only. The sum of all commands and laws is "love your neighbor as yourself." Be in this moment. Suspend judgment. Let go of coveted outcomes. Pay attention to what happens. You came here to not shove morality down the throats of others and call it evangelism. You came here to embody Love. It won't come to it 99.9999999% of the time, but no greater love is there than when someone puts their life on the line to save another's. Love is the only thing that crosses with you. Embody Love today. I'll do the same. I'll do this sometimes by shrugging my shoulders while telling my son "Let go of your anger. Everything is alright. I trust the reasons why you picked me to be your Dad. Trust me to help you."

"Love is the all encompassing Essence of All That Is. Love is what you have come here to experience--and to embody--with full conscious awareness of it. This is who and what you Are. This is what you have come into form to demonstrate. This is your life's mission, your purpose, the underlying reason you have chosen to experience yourself in physical form in this way. All else is secondary to your recognition of this. For all else is nonexistant. Only Love exists." ~ Oneness, from "A Journey to Oneness" by Rasha
























