They do these things because their belief system is rooted in fear. In that way their hate is merely logical and their belief system is threatened by facts they pretend do not exist. Their holy grail that Vaccines Produce Immunity is undermined by legislation - the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/.../National_Childhood_Vaccine... ) Very few of them were around in the 1970's when vaccine injuries were as common as they are today, and Pharmaceutical companies were being sued left and right so often that they were tying up the legal system. They are unaware that this act is the foundation by which they attack people. I say that because this act swept everything under a legal rug and justifies their belief in `vaccine safety and effectiveness`. That statement sprung directly from the legislation. By shielding Pharmaceutical companies from any further liability, the Act also provided legal cover for the CDC to obfuscate issues with impunity. Because it's a legal document and it provides blanket legal cover, it is easily dismissed and rationalized as having no scientific value and no medical value. The latter is extremely important. Since there is no medical value - only legal - then from a medical perspective Doctors can easily ignore what the Act requires them to do as listed on the CDC's website. Why? Because there is no legal penalty for ignoring the Act and what it `requires`. Thus they tend to say whatever the fuck they want. This includes the CDC, vaccine advocates, any government agency, any health professional, any medical researcher. This is easy peasy! Yet what pro-vaxers are really denial about is that we used to be just like them. We believed, and even after injury #1 we still wanted to believe. It couldn't have been the vaccines. Pro-vaxers are also in denial about how the immune system works, and thus disbelieve that some injuries are overcome to an extent, mostly by organic foods which always has been the case for just about anything that ails us. My heart aches for those of you who have to deal with deadly allergies. I don't know how that is overcome; rest assured this is much harder for you than it is for your child. I saw what it did to my mom. I was vaccine injured before the Act and my mom took my injuries personally, as she had no idea that this could happen. What kind of world is this? She struggled mightily until her last 6 months. She often said how proud of me she was; she felt so guilty for all of it that she couldn't see me for who I am in my heart. Eventually the guilt killed her.

So, lay off the tiny-minded, small-hearted people and their law-based ignorance. Do not put any energy into them at all. They will never change no matter how beautiful the pearls and kindness and compassion you can muster, no matter how much the facts are in your favor, no matter how well we each have had and will have to overcome. Focus on the path before you and do not stray into that which will entangle you. These are words for my Self as well as I know how easy it is to convince my self that it's just a word away, that one thing that will convince them that it REALLY is a meringue pie and not moldy cabbage.

BjI0dRA=iE

http://www.gmoseralini.org/new-seralini-study-shows-roundup-damages-sperm/

<input type="hidden" name="category" value="CANDLES" />
<input type="hidden" name="category" value="HONEY" />
<input type="hidden" name="category" value="SOAP" />


Christians who believe that Marijuana is a gateway drug perpetuate a belief that is self-reinforcing. That is true of any belief based on fear.

The fact of the matter is God created receptors for Marijuana in every human and almost every animal. These receptors are located throughout the body, and small doses of marijuana cause the body to create even more for the purpose of healing.

These receptors are called the "Endocannabinoid System".

Instead of being a gateway drug, recreational marijuana is actually a gateway to optimum health in people of all ages.

I encourage opponenents of these ordinances to try this simple experiment: Buy a couple of grams of marijuana, steep it in hot water - you're making tea - drink the tea and then eat the rehydrated flowers. Do this 3 evenings in a row and I guarantee that whatever is ailing you will start to feel a lot better.

The side effect of recreational marijuana is health. Don't ban recreational marijuana in Lakewood. Instead, ban the smoking of it so that everyone everywhere will achieve optimum health.

http://emeraldwellnesscoop.com/2013/07/23/introduction-to-the-endocannabinoid-system/